[select] Document `select.is` condition (#5928)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/select/_index.md

Configuration variables: See [Automation](/automations).

## Conditions

### `select.is` Condition

This [Condition](/automations/actions#all-conditions) checks if the select is set to any one of a list of options.

Configuration variables:

- **id** (**Required**, [ID](/guides/configuration-types#id)): The ID of the select to test.

> - **options** (**Required**, list, [templatable](/automations/templates)): Either a lambda returning a `std::vector` of `std::string`, or a list of constant strings.

Author: ```suggestion
This [Condition](/automations/actions#all-conditions) checks if the select is set to any one of a list of options. A lambda may also be used for more complex computations.

Configuration variables:

- **id** (**Required**, [ID](/guides/configuration-types#id)): The ID of the select to test.
- **options** (*Optional*, list): A string, or list of strings to compare with the current selection. The condition is true if any match.
- **lambda** (*Optional*, [templatable](/automations/templates)): A lambda returning a boolean value. The current selection is passed in a `StringRef` argument called `current`.

Only one of `options` and `lambda` must be provided.
```

```yaml
# In some trigger:
on_...:
  - if:
      condition:
        select.is:
          id: my_select
          options: [Happy, Ecstatic]
      then:
        - logger.log: "Select is Happy or Ecstatic"
  - if:
      condition:
        select.is:
          id: my_select
          options: "Happy" # Single option 
      then:
        - logger.log: "Select is exactly Happy"
  - if:
      condition:
        select.is:
          id: my_select

>           options: !lambda return {id(text_sensor).state, "Happy"};

Author: ```suggestion
          lambda: return id(text_sensor).state == current || "Happy" == current;
```
